README.md, before:

# Astroport Governance

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/astroport-fi/astroport-governance/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=WDA8WEI7MI)](https://codecov.io/gh/astroport-fi/astroport-governance)

This repo contains Astroport Governance related contracts.

## Contracts

| Name                           | Description                      |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------- |
| [`builder_unlock`](contracts/builder_unlock) | ASTRO unlock/vesting contract for Initial Builders |
| [`assembly`](contracts/assembly) | The Astral Assembly governance contract |
| [`treasury`](contracts/treasury) | The Astroport DAO Treasury contract |

## Running this contract

You will need Rust 1.58.1+ with wasm32-unknown-unknown target installed.

For a production-ready (compressed) build, run the following command from the repository's root:

```
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd)":/code \
  --mount type=volume,source="$(basename "$(pwd)")_cache",target=/code/target \
  --mount type=volume,source=registry_cache,target=/usr/local/cargo/registry \
  cosmwasm/workspace-optimizer:0.12.5
```

The optimized contracts are generated in the `artifacts/` directory.

Commit message:

scripts: deploy assembly (#21)
* scripts: deploy assembly

* change inimsg parameters types

README.md, after:

# Astroport Governance

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/astroport-fi/astroport-governance/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=WDA8WEI7MI)](https://codecov.io/gh/astroport-fi/astroport-governance)

This repo contains Astroport Governance related contracts.

## Contracts

| Name                           | Description                      |
| ------------------------------ | -------------------------------- |
| [`builder_unlock`](contracts/builder_unlock) | ASTRO unlock/vesting contract for Initial Builders |
| [`assembly`](contracts/assembly) | The Astral Assembly governance contract |
| [`treasury`](contracts/treasury) | The Astroport DAO Treasury contract |

## Building Contracts

You will need Rust 1.58.1+ with wasm32-unknown-unknown target installed.

You can run unit tests for each contract directory via:

```
cargo test
```

#### For a production-ready (compressed) build:
Run the following from the repository root

```
./scripts/build_release.sh
```

The optimized contracts are generated in the artifacts/ directory.
